Docs: Enhance API reference for file management (#11827)
infiniflow/ragflow: docs/references/http_api_reference.md

                "type": "doc",
                "size": 17966,
                "parent_id": "527fa74891e811ef9c650242ac120006",
                "create_time": 1729763127646
            }
        ],
        "parent_folder": {
            "id": "527fa74891e811ef9c650242ac120006",
            "name": "Parent Folder"
        }
    }
}
```

Failure:

```json
{
    "code": 404,
    "message": "Folder not found!"
}
```

---

### Get root folder

**GET** `/api/v1/file/root_folder`

Retrieves the user's root folder information.

#### Request

- Method: GET
- URL: `/api/v1/file/root_folder`
- Headers:
  - `'Authorization: Bearer <YOUR_API_KEY>'`

##### Request example

```bash
curl --request GET \
     --url http://{address}/api/v1/file/root_folder \
     --header 'Authorization: Bearer <YOUR_API_KEY>'
```

##### Request parameters

No parameters required.

#### Response

Success:

```json
{
    "code": 0,
    "data": {
        "root_folder": {
            "id": "527fa74891e811ef9c650242ac120006",
            "name": "root",
            "type": "FOLDER"
        }
    }
}
```

---

### Get parent folder

**GET** `/api/v1/file/parent_folder?file_id={file_id}`

> Retrieves the parent folder information of a specified file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Retrieves the immediate parent folder information of a specified file.
```

#### Request

- Method: GET
- URL: `/api/v1/file/parent_folder?file_id={file_id}`
- Headers:
  - `'Authorization: Bearer <YOUR_API_KEY>'`

##### Request example

```bash
curl --request GET \
     --url 'http://{address}/api/v1/file/parent_folder?file_id={file_id}' \
     --header 'Authorization: Bearer <YOUR_API_KEY>'
```

##### Request parameters

- `file_id`: (*Filter parameter*), `string`, *Required*  

>   The ID of the file whose parent folder to retrieve.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The ID of the file whose immediate parent folder to retrieve.
```

     --data '{
          "file_ids": ["file_id_1", "file_id_2"]
     }'
```

##### Request parameters

- `"file_ids"`: (*Body parameter*), `list[string]`, *Required*  
  The IDs of the files or folders to delete.

#### Response

Success:

```json
{
    "code": 0,
    "data": true
}
```

Failure:

```json
{
    "code": 404,
    "message": "File or Folder not found!"
}
```

---

### Rename file

**POST** `/api/v1/file/rename`

Renames a file or folder.

#### Request

- Method: POST
- URL: `/api/v1/file/rename`
- Headers:
  - `'Content-Type: application/json'`
  - `'Authorization: Bearer <YOUR_API_KEY>'`
- Body:
  - `"file_id"`: `string`
  - `"name"`: `string`

##### Request example

```bash
curl --request POST \
     --url http://{address}/api/v1/file/rename \
     --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
     --header 'Authorization: Bearer <YOUR_API_KEY>' \
     --data '{
          "file_id": "{file_id}",
          "name": "new_name.txt"
     }'
```

##### Request parameters

- `"file_id"`: (*Body parameter*), `string`, *Required*  
  The ID of the file or folder to rename.
- `"name"`: (*Body parameter*), `string`, *Required*  

>   The new name for the file or folder. Note: The file extension cannot be changed for files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The new name for the file or folder. Note: Changing file extensions is *not* supported.
```

    "message": "Document not found!"
}
```

---

### Move files

**POST** `/api/v1/file/mv`

Moves one or multiple files or folders to another folder.

#### Request

- Method: POST
- URL: `/api/v1/file/mv`
- Headers:
  - `'Content-Type: application/json'`
  - `'Authorization: Bearer <YOUR_API_KEY>'`
- Body:
  - `"src_file_ids"`: `list[string]`
  - `"dest_file_id"`: `string`

##### Request example

```bash
curl --request POST \
     --url http://{address}/api/v1/file/mv \
     --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
     --header 'Authorization: Bearer <YOUR_API_KEY>' \
     --data '{
          "src_file_ids": ["file_id_1", "file_id_2"],
          "dest_file_id": "{destination_folder_id}"
     }'
```

##### Request parameters

- `"src_file_ids"`: (*Body parameter*), `list[string]`, *Required*  
  The IDs of the files or folders to move.
- `"dest_file_id"`: (*Body parameter*), `string`, *Required*  
  The ID of the destination folder.

#### Response

Success:

```json
{
    "code": 0,
    "data": true
}
```

Failure:

```json
{
    "code": 404,
    "message": "File or Folder not found!"
}
```

or

```json
{
    "code": 404,
    "message": "Parent Folder not found!"
}
```

---

> ### Convert files to documents

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Convert files to documents and link them to datasets
```
